Update manage-windows-devices.md (#464)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/business/manage-windows-devices.md

  
Complete the steps below to make your Windows 10 devices Hybrid Azure AD joined and managed by Microsoft 365 Business.
  

> 1. **Prepare for Directory Synchronization**: Before you synchronize your users and computers from the local Active Directory Domain, review [Prepare for directory synchronization](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/enterprise/prepare-for-directory-synchronization). In particular:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Prepare for Directory Synchronization**: Before you synchronize your users and computers from the local Active Directory Domain, review [Prepare for directory synchronization to Office 365](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/prepare-for-directory-synchronization). In particular:
```

>    - Ensure that no duplicates exist among your directory for the following attributes: **mail**, **proxyAddresses**, and **userPrincipalName**. These values should be unique and any duplicates should be removed as necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Ensure that no duplicates exist among your directory for the following attributes: **mail**, **proxyAddresses**, and **userPrincipalName** (UPN). These values should be unique and any duplicates should be removed as necessary.
```

>    - Ensure that no duplicates exist among your directory for the following attributes: **mail**, **proxyAddresses**, and **userPrincipalName**. These values should be unique and any duplicates should be removed as necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Ensure that no duplicates exist in your directory for the following attributes: **mail**, **proxyAddresses**, and **userPrincipalName**. These values should be unique and any duplicates should be removed..
```

Reviewer: Please remove extra period (.) from suggestion.

>    - It is recommended that the **userPrincipalName** (UPN) attribute for each local user account be configured to match the primary email address that corresponds to the licensed Microsoft 365 user. For example **mary.shelley@contoso.com** rather than **mary@contoso.local**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - We recommended that the **userPrincipalName** (UPN) attribute for each local user account is configured to match the primary email address that corresponds to the licensed Microsoft 365 user. For example **mary.shelley@contoso.com** rather than **mary@contoso.local**
```

Reviewer 2: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/r/recommend

Author: I just noticed that "recommended" is also incorrect--it should be "We recommend that... the attribute... be configured..."

>    - Finally, if the Active Directory domain ends in a non-routable suffix like **.local** or **.lan**, instead of an internet routable suffix such as **.com** or **.org**, you will need to adjust the UPN suffix of the local user accounts first as described in [Prepare a non-routable domain for directory synchronization](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/prepare-a-non-routable-domain-for-directory-synchronization). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - If the Active Directory domain ends in a non-routable suffix like **.local** or **.lan**, instead of an internet routable suffix such as **.com** or **.org**, you will need to adjust the UPN suffix of the local user accounts first as described in [Prepare a non-routable domain for directory synchronization](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/prepare-a-non-routable-domain-for-directory-synchronization). 
```

>    - Finally, if the Active Directory domain ends in a non-routable suffix like **.local** or **.lan**, instead of an internet routable suffix such as **.com** or **.org**, then you will need to adjust the UPN suffix of the local user accounts first as described in [Prepare a non-routable domain for directory synchronization](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/enterprise/prepare-a-non-routable-domain-for-directory-synchronization). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Finally, if the Active Directory domain ends in a non-routable suffix like **.local** or **.lan**, instead of an internet routable suffix such as **.com** or **.org**, you will need to adjust the UPN suffix of the local user accounts first as described in [Prepare a non-routable domain for directory synchronization](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/enterprise/prepare-a-non-routable-domain-for-directory-synchronization). 
```

> 2. **Install and configure Azure AD Connect**: To synchronize your users, groups, and contacts from the local Active Directory into Azure Active Directory, run the Directory synchronization wizard from Azure Active Directory Connect as described in [Set up directory synchronization for Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/1b3b5318-6977-42ed-b5c7-96fa74b08846).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. **Install and configure Azure AD Connect**: To synchronize your users, groups, and contacts from the local Active Directory into Azure Active Directory, run the Directory synchronization wizard from Azure Active Directory Connect. See [Set up directory synchronization for Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/1b3b5318-6977-42ed-b5c7-96fa74b08846) to learn more.
```

> 2. **Install and configure Azure AD Connect**: To synchronize your users, groups and contacts from the local Active Directory into Azure Active Directory, run the Directory synchronization wizard from Azure Active Directory Connect as described in [Set up directory synchronization for Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/1b3b5318-6977-42ed-b5c7-96fa74b08846).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Install and configure Azure AD Connect**: To synchronize your users, groups, and contacts from the local Active Directory into Azure Active Directory, run the Directory synchronization wizard from Azure Active Directory Connect as described in [Set up directory synchronization for Office 365](https://support.office.com/article/1b3b5318-6977-42ed-b5c7-96fa74b08846).
```

    
    > [!NOTE]
    > The steps are exactly the same for Microsoft 365 Business. 
    

> As you configure your options for Azure AD Connect, we recommend enabling **Password Synchronization** and **Seamless Single Sign-On**, as well as the **Password writeback** feature, which is also supported in Microsoft 365 Business.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you configure your options for Azure AD Connect, we recommend enabling **Password Synchronization** and **Seamless Single Sign-On**, as well as the **password writeback** feature, which is also supported in Microsoft 365 Business.
```

> As you configure your options for Azure AD Connect, we recommend enabling **Password Synchronization** and **Seamless Single Sign-On**,, as well as the **Password writeback** feature, which is also supported in Microsoft 365 Business.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you configure your options for Azure AD Connect, we recommend enabling **Password Synchronization** and **Seamless Single Sign-On**, as well as the **Password writeback** feature, which is also supported in Microsoft 365 Business.
```

> [!NOTE]

>     > Password writeback has some additional steps to complete beyond the checkmark box in Azure AD Connect. Refer to [How-to: configure password writeback](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-sspr-writeback). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> There are some additional steps for password writeback beyond the check box in Azure AD Connect. Refer to [How-to: configure password writeback](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-sspr-writeback). 
```

Reviewer 2: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/c/check-check-box-check-mark

>     > Password writeback has some additional steps to complete beyond the checkmark box in Azure AD Connect. Refer to [How to configure password writeback for Azure AD SSPR](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-sspr-writeback). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Password writeback has some additional steps to complete beyond the checkmark box in Azure AD Connect. Refer to [How-to: configure password writeback](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/authentication/howto-sspr-writeback). 
```

> 3. **Configure Hybrid Azure AD Join**: Before you proceed to enable Windows 10 devices to become Hybrid Azure AD joined, you need to make sure that you meet the following prerequisites:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. **Configure Hybrid Azure AD Join**: Before you enable Windows 10 devices to be Hybrid Azure AD joined, you should make sure that you meet the following prerequisites:
```

   - You are running the latest version of Azure AD connect.

   - Azure AD connect has synchronized all the computer objects of the devices you want to be hybrid Azure AD joined. If the computer objects belong to specific organizational units (OU), then make sure these OUs are set for synchronization in Azure AD connect as well.

> Then, to register existing domain-joined Windows 10 devices as Hybrid Azure AD Joined, follow the step by step instructions in the [Tutorial: Configure hybrid Azure Active Directory join for managed domains](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/devices/hybrid-azuread-join-managed-domains#configure-hybrid-azure-ad-join). This will hybrid-enable your existing on-premises Active Directory joined Windows 10 computers and make them cloud ready.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To register existing domain-joined Windows 10 devices as Hybrid Azure AD joined, follow the steps in the [Tutorial: Configure hybrid Azure Active Directory join for managed domains](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/devices/hybrid-azuread-join-managed-domains#configure-hybrid-azure-ad-join). This will hybrid-enable your existing on-premises Active Directory joined Windows 10 computers and make them cloud ready.
```

> Then, to register existing domain-joined Windows 10 devices as Hybrid Azure AD Joined, follow the step by step instructions in [Configure Hybrid Azure AD Join for managed domains](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/devices/hybrid-azuread-join-managed-domains#configure-hybrid-azure-ad-join). This will hybrid-enable your existing on-premises Active Directory joined Windows 10 computers and make them cloud ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, to register existing domain-joined Windows 10 devices as Hybrid Azure AD Joined, follow the step by step instructions in the [Tutorial: Configure hybrid Azure Active Directory join for managed domains](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/devices/hybrid-azuread-join-managed-domains#configure-hybrid-azure-ad-join). This will hybrid-enable your existing on-premises Active Directory joined Windows 10 computers and make them cloud ready.
```

> 4. **Enable automatic enrollment for Windows 10**: To automatically enroll Windows 10 devices for mobile device management in Intune, see [Enroll a Windows 10 device automatically using Group Policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/enroll-a-windows-10-device-automatically-using-group-policy) for instructions. You can set the Group Policy at a local computer level, or for bulk operations, you can create this group policy setting on your Domain Controller using the Group Policy Management Console and ADMX templates.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. **Enable automatic enrollment for Windows 10**: To automatically enroll Windows 10 devices for mobile device management in Intune, see [Enroll a Windows 10 device automatically using Group Policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/enroll-a-windows-10-device-automatically-using-group-policy). You can set the Group Policy at a local computer level, or for bulk operations, you can create this group policy setting on your Domain Controller using the Group Policy Management Console and ADMX templates.
```

> 4. **Enable automatic enrollment for Windows 10**: To automatically enroll Windows 10 devices for mobile device management in Intune, see [Enroll a Windows 10 device automatically using a Group Policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/client-management/mdm/enroll-a-windows-10-device-automatically-using-group-policy) for instructions. You can set the Group Policy at a local computer level, or for bulk operations, you can create this group policy setting on your Domain Controller using the Group Policy Management Console and ADMX templates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **Enable automatic enrollment for Windows 10**: To automatically enroll Windows 10 devices for mobile device management in Intune, see [Enroll a Windows 10 device automatically using Group Policy](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/client-management/mdm/enroll-a-windows-10-device-automatically-using-group-policy) for instructions. You can set the Group Policy at a local computer level, or for bulk operations, you can create this group policy setting on your Domain Controller using the Group Policy Management Console and ADMX templates.
```

> 5. **Configure Seamless SSO**: Seamless Single Sign-On will automatically sign in users to their Microsoft 365 cloud resources when they are on their corporate desktops. Simply deploy one of the two Group Policy options described in [Seamless Single Sign-On Quick Start](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-sso-quick-start#step-2-enable-the-feature). The "Group policy" option does not allow users to change their settings, while the "Group policy preference" option sets the values but also leaves them user-configurable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **Configure Seamless SSO**: Seamless Single Sign-On will automatically sign in users to their Microsoft 365 cloud resources when they are on their corporate desktops. Simply deploy one of the two Group Policy options described in [Azure Active Directory Seamless Single Sign-On: Quick start](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-sso-quick-start#step-2-enable-the-feature). The "Group policy" option does not allow users to change their settings, while the "Group policy preference" option sets the values but also leaves them user-configurable.
```

> 5. **Configure Seamless SSO**: Seamless Single Sign-On will automatically sign in users to their Microsoft 365 cloud resources when they are on their corporate desktops. Simply deploy one of the two Group Policy options described in [Azure Active Directory Seamless Single Sign-On: Quick start](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-sso-quick-start#step-2-enable-the-feature). The "Group policy" option does not allow users to change their settings, while the "Group policy preference" option sets the values but also leaves them user-configurable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. **Configure Seamless Single Sign-On**:  Seamless SSO will automatically sign users into their Microsoft 365 cloud resources when they use corporate computers. Simply deploy one of the two Group Policy options described in [Azure Active Directory Seamless Single Sign-On: Quick start](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/hybrid/how-to-connect-sso-quick-start#step-2-enable-the-feature). The **Group Policy** option does not allow users to change their settings, while the **Group Policy Preference** option sets the values but also leaves them user-configurable.
```

> 6. **Setup Windows Hello for Business**: Windows Hello for Business replaces passwords with strong two-factor authentication for signing into the local computer. One factor is an asymmetric key pair, and the other is a PIN or other local gesture such as fingerprint or facial recognition if your device supports it. It is recommended to replace passwords with 2FA and Windows Hello where possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. **Setup Windows Hello for Business**: Windows Hello for Business replaces passwords with strong two-factor authentication (2FA) for signing into a local computer. One factor is an asymmetric key pair, and the other is a PIN or other local gesture such as fingerprint or facial recognition if your device supports it. It is recommended to replace passwords with 2FA and Windows Hello for Business where possible.
```

> 6. **Setup Windows Hello for Business**: Windows Hello for Business replaces passwords with strong two-factor authentication (2FA) for signing into a local computer. One factor is an asymmetric key pair, and the other is a PIN or other local gesture such as fingerprint or facial recognition if your device supports it. It is recommended to replace passwords with 2FA and Windows Hello for Business where possible.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. **Set up Windows Hello for Business**: Windows Hello for Business replaces passwords with strong two-factor authentication (2FA) for signing into a local computer. One factor is an asymmetric key pair, and the other is a PIN or other local gesture such as fingerprint or facial recognition if your device supports it. We recommended that you replace passwords with 2FA and Windows Hello for Business where possible.
```

Author: Another case of the past tense "recommended" in here: "We recommended that you..." --my bad

> To configure Hybrid Windows Hello for Business, review the [Hybrid Key trust Windows Hello for Business Prerequisites](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-trust-prereqs) and subsequently follow the instructions described in [Configure Hybrid Windows Hello for Business key trust Settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-whfb-settings). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure Hybrid Windows Hello for Business, review the [Hybrid Key trust Windows Hello for Business Prerequisites](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-trust-prereqs) and subsequently follow the instructions described in [Configure Hybrid Windows Hello for Business key trust settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-whfb-settings). 
```

> To configure Hybrid Windows Hello for Business, review the [Hybrid Key trust Windows Hello for Business Prerequisites](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-trust-prereqs) and subsequently follow the instructions described in [Configure Hybrid Windows Hello for Business key trust settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-whfb-settings). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure Hybrid Windows Hello for Business, review the [Hybrid Key trust Windows Hello for Business Prerequisites](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-trust-prereqs). Then follow the instructions to [Configure Hybrid Windows Hello for Business key trust settings](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/security/identity-protection/hello-for-business/hello-hybrid-key-whfb-settings). 
```
